[OneDrive] Add sync rules (#1483)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/sync-rules/ONEDRIVE.md

### Setting up the OneDrive connector

See the [Developer guide](../../docs/DEVELOPING.md) for setting up connectors.

### Overview

The advanced sync rules consists of a set of rules where each rule can have one or more parameters out of these:

> 1. userMailAccounts: list of user emails for which the rule would execute.

Author: Yes.

> 1. userMailAccounts: list of user emails for which the rule would execute.

Author: Further, the other two parameters would be used for each user configured in the list `userMailAccounts` as suggested by Artem.

> 1. userMailAccounts: list of user emails for which the rule would execute.

Reviewer: In that case, I feel it's more appropriate to name it `owners`, and explain that to specify the users with email address.

2. skipFilesWithExtensions: list of file extensions to be skipped for the sync.

> 3. parentPathPattern: glob pattern specifying the path where the files to be synced are present. 

Author: You are right. Both  `skipFilesWithExtensions`, `parentPathPattern` does not work on query time, instead they work after the data is fetched from the source. Dana suggested to keep them since it would prevent querying of actual content of these files filtered from these parameters. So in a way, metadata is fetched but the content is not queried.

### Example advanced sync rules

#### Advanced rule for indexing the files and folders excluding .xlsx and .docx files

```json
[
  {
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".xlsx" , ".docx"]
  }
]
```

#### Advanced rule for indexing the files and folders for user 1 and user 2, excluding .py files

```json
[
  {
    "userMailAccounts": ["user1-domain@onmicrosoft.com", "user2-domain@onmicrosoft.com"],
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".py"]
  }
]

> ```

Reviewer: So this is an `AND`, and below is `OR`:

```json
[
  {
    "userMailAccounts": ["user1-domain@onmicrosoft.com", "user2-domain@onmicrosoft.com"]
  },
  {
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".py"]
  }
]
```

If so, I think it's worth adding more examples to illustrate `OR` rules

Author: Sorry for misunderstanding. I'll add more examples and make it clear. 
In the example you provided, the second rule does not have  `userMailAccounts ` parameter, so the rule would execute for all users and fetch content of all files except content of `.py` files

2. skipFilesWithExtensions: list of file extensions to be skipped for the sync.
3. parentPathPattern: glob pattern specifying the path where the files to be synced are present. 

### Example advanced sync rules

#### Advanced rule for indexing the files and folders excluding .xlsx and .docx files

```json
[
  {
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".xlsx" , ".docx"]
  }
]
```

#### Advanced rule for indexing the files and folders for user 1 and user 2, excluding .py files

```json
[
  {
    "owners": ["user1-domain@onmicrosoft.com", "user2-domain@onmicrosoft.com"],
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".py"]
  }
]
```

#### Advanced rule for indexing the files and folders directly inside root folder path excluding .md files

```json
[
  {
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".md"],
    "parentPathPattern": "/drive/root:"
  }
]
```

#### Advanced rules for indexing the files and folders of user 1, user 3 directly inside folder 'abc' excluding .pdf and .py file

```json
[
  {
    "owners": ["user1-domain@onmicrosoft.com", "user3-domain@onmicrosoft.com"],
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".pdf", ".py"],
    "parentPathPattern": "/drive/root:/hello/**/abc"
  }
]
```

> ### Two Advanced rules for indexing the files and folders of user 1 and user 2, and only .py files of other users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Two Advanced rules for indexing the files and folders of user 1 and user 2, and all files of other users except .py files
```

```json
[
  {
    "owners": ["user1-domain@onmicrosoft.com", "user2-domain@onmicrosoft.com"]
  },
  {
    "skipFilesWithExtensions": [".py"]
  }
]
```

> ### Two Advanced rules for indexing the .md files user 1 and user 2 and files/folders recursively inside folder abc 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Two Advanced rules for indexing all files of user 1 and user 2 except .md files, and files/folders recursively inside folder abc 
```
